(frogs croaking)
(orchestral music)
(dramatic music) (birds chirping)
- We're lost.
- No we're not.
Look!
Over there!
- Sam.
- Yeah?
- I think we should head back. We're getting in too deep.
- Aw but...
Wait a second.
What's that I hear?
(women laughing)
Sounds like.
Women.
Laughing. - Let's get out of here.
- Come on man, don't be such a coward.
Let's check this out.
Look at them.
They're beautiful.
Aren't they the most lovely, sensuous,
inviting women you've ever seen?
- Let's get out of here. - What are you, nuts?
Look at them!
- They're dangerous.
- They don't look dangerous.
They look lonely.
- I'm getting out of here.
- Yeah, well I'm gonna go introduce myself.
Yoohoo!
Ladies!
(suspense music)
- Ahh!
- Hello. - Hi.
Hi girls.
Peace, peace.
Peace.
Friends?
Come on, guys.
I just wanted an avocado.
- Throughout history, the dominant sex
would subjugate the weaker.
Just as the Chinese bound the feet of young girls
to cripple them into helplessness,
so did the Amazon women break the legs
of boys to make them subservient.
Is it possible for men and women to coexist as equals?
(bell rings)
That's a subject we'll tackle in our next class.
- Dr. Hunt, I really love your class.
- Well thank you, Bunny.
You can call me Margo.
- I like it so much I've been thinking about
changing my major from Home Economics
to Feminist Studies, but I wasn't sure
if you had any feminist cooking classes.
- I don't think we do, no.
Interesting thought though.
- I mean the idea of being socially conditioned
to be a sex object, wait until
I tell the girls at the sorority.
- Bunny, I think you should take
a few more classes in Women's Studies
before you decide to switch majors.
- But Dr. Hunt, I know I wanna be a liberated girl.
I can just feel it in my toes.
- It could be those pointy boots.
- Margo.
- Dean Stockwell.
- Dr. Hunt, these gentlemen from
the United States government would like to talk to you.
This is Mr. Ford Maddox,
US Department of Agriculture, and Colonel Mattel,
National Security Commission of Avocado Affairs.
- Avocado Affairs?
- Miss Hunt, this is a matter of national importance.
We need to speak to you immediately.
- Alone.
- Dr. Hunt, 98% of the avocados produced
in the United States come from the state of California.
Most of these come from a jungle area that spreads
from Bakersfield to the Mexican border.
The Avocado Belt.
- I'm aware of that.
What does it have to do with me?
- Miss Hunt, maybe you don't get the point.
Avocados are vital to this nation's security interests.
The Communists are already in control of Nicaragua
and Guatemala and El Salvador are strife with revolution.
California's the last secure supply
of avocados in the free world.
We're on the verge of a major
avocado gap with the Soviet Union.
Back in the Kremlin Gorbachev
is just chuckling over his taquitos.
- I still don't see what that has to do with me.
- Doctor, have you ever taken a loyalty oath?
- Colonel, let me handle this.
As I was saying, most of the avocados
from the United States come from The Avocado Belt,
but they are harvested only on the perimeter of the jungle.
Because as we all know, the interior
is completely wild and uncharted.
Anyone that strays too close to the heart
of The Avocado Jungle never returns.
- Why?
- That's a very good question, Bunny.
(Bunny giggles)
Perhaps Dr. Hunt would like to answer it.
(dramatic music)
- It's only a legend really.
- We're convinced that they're real.
- Who?
- The Piranha Women.
- Piranha Women?
Who are they?
- They're an ancient commune of feminists.
So radical, so militant.
So left -centered they eat their men.
- Oh that.
Well if I like a guy I usually start at-
- They don't eat their men like that, Bunny.
More like a black widow spider.
They have sex with their men and they kill them.
Then they tear them into strips
like beef jerky and eat them with guacamole.
So legend has it.
- They are more than a legend,
they're a major agricultural problem.
It used to be safe for avocado pickers
to venture within 20 miles of the jungle's edge.
But lately the Piranha Women have broadened their hold.
No one is safe anywhere in The Avocado Belt.
- Well if they're that much trouble why don't you
just send in the troops and round them up?
- Colonel Mattel?
- Fact is we tried.
We sent in three divisions armored
with air support, the best men we have.
- And?
- They got whooped.
- They didn't play fair.
Our men are trained for state of the art high tech warfare.
These Piranha Women were using knives and spears.
Officers got confused and they...
We found these at the edge of the jungle.
- Dog tags?
- Look closely.
They're covered with guacamole dip.
- Ew. - Ew.
- Now do you get my point, Doctor?
Your sisters in the jungle
are eating the few and the proud!
- Control yourself, Colonel.
Look, naturally we would prefer a military solution.
But frankly the US military hasn't had
a lot of luck in jungle warfare lately.
So we're forced to negotiate with the Piranha Women.
That's where you come in.
We want you to go into the jungle
and try to reason with these man -eaters.
- I can't do that, Mr. Maddox.
- We just want the Piranha Women
to move out of The Avocado Jungle.
To a reservation in Malibu.
Deluxe condominiums.
Pool, sauna, ample parking.
Total luxury living.
We are even willing, at the government's expense,
to convert the exercise room so that they
may maintain their bizarre sacrificial rituals.
Let me come to the point.
We don't care if these girls wanna eat their men.
That's the Piranha Man's problem.
We just want the avocados.
We're willing to pay for them.
- I'm sorry, the answer's still no.
- Just like you girls to stick together.
Why don't you tell us the real reason
you're not gonna go into that jungle!
You'd like to see the United States
humiliated by a communist avocado yield!
I think you'd like to eat me
right now wouldn't you, Doctor Hunt?
- Dr. Hunt wouldn't eat anybody.
- Colonel, control yourself!
Dr. Hunt is a respected middle of the road feminist.
And I'm sure she'll be happy to cooperate with us,
especially when she considers how much this university
depends upon grants from the defense department.
For its space weaponry program.
And if Miss Hunt, Dr. Hunt, is still unable
to see the logic in insisting us, why I'm sure
Dean Stockwell will explain it to her.
Won't you, Dean?
- Now now now gentlemen.
I will not tolerate tactics of this kind.
This university is a bastion of intellectual freedom
and I am sworn to protect that freedom.
I will not tolerate my professors
being coerced into anything against their will.
No matter how much political pressure
is put on me personally.
Margo you will do exactly as they tell you
or I will cut your funding off
and you can kiss your tenure goodbye.
Comprehendo?
- Mmmhm.
- The real question here is whether or not
this project is worthy of Spritzer College's involvement.
What do you say, doc?
- Guess I'm going in the jungle.
- Terrific. Nice seeing you.
- Thanks again for your help, Dean.
- Oh any time.
- Mr. Maddox.
There's something you're not telling me.
- Why? What do you mean?
- You don't expect me to believe
I'm the first feminist you've sent in
to try and reason with the Piranha Women.
What's really going on in that jungle?
- I suppose you have the right to know the truth.
Two years ago we sent into The Avocado Jungle
a leading feminist scholar.
Dr. Kurtz.
- Dr. Kurtz?
Internationally famous author
of Smart Women, Stupid Insensitive Men?
- Yes.
- That explains her sudden disappearance
from the talk show circuit.
What happened to her?
- We really don't know.
She may have been killed or perhaps
they're holding her prisoner.
It was shortly after her expedition
that the Piranha Women went on a rampage.
Well I guess now that you know, you refuse to go.
- Quite the contrary.
Now I know I must go.
No Bunny, you can't come.
- Doctor Hunt, why can't I go with you?
- Bunny.
Look, nobody's ever returned from The Avocado Jungle.
There'll be countless dangers and perils along the way.
I can't take a sophomore into the wilderness.
You don't have the skills or training.
And besides, you haven't even finished
your general ed requirements.
Now I'm sorry Bunny, it's just too dangerous.
- Bunny baby!
Hey good looking, how you doing?
- Hi Chucky.
- Hi.
Bunny, babe, the super party boys
at the Delta Epsilon are having
another super party this Friday night.
You're not doing anything are you?
- Well I wanted to do something, but I guess I'm not.
- Great!
Great, look, this is gonna be a toga party and a beer bust.
And for special girls like you, we are going
to be having a wet t-shirt contest.
- But all my t -shirts are dry.
(Chucky laughs)
- Bunny, don't worry about that.
The fraternity brothers, we're gonna take care of you.
Bun, you ever do any mud wrestling?
- I... - You're coming with me.
- I get to go?
- You'd be safer in the jungle!
- Bye Chucky!
- Patricia, have those filing cabinets
I ordered come in yet?
- No.
I've had them on back order for two weeks.
- Hmm, never mind.
I'm going to do some field research
and I need some supplies.
Okay, three legal-sized pads.
10 manila envelopes.
Dictaphone recorder.
And four one hour tapes.
I'll need a Bowie knife, first aid kit.
100 feet of nylon mountain climbing rope.
A breech -loading revolver and holster.
A thousand rounds of ammunition.
- Full metal jacket, hollow point, or Teflon -coated?
- Which do you think would be best for fighting
the dangers that lurk inside a hostile jungle environment?
- I would alternate hollow
and Teflon bullets in the chamber.
That way you have maximum stopping power,
but still armor -piercing capability.
- Dr. Hunt!
Yoohoo!
I'm ready!
- Oh Bunny.
Don't you think you could've worn
something a little more practical?
We're going into uncharted jungle.
- Well I do have a pair of flats in my suitcase.
- Well never mind.
If you get in trouble you can wear something of mine.
- Oh good.
And I brought along some great lingerie we can share.
(orchestral music)
Why do the Piranha Women eat their men?
- Well primitive cultures often use overly simplistic
methods of dealing with inter-tribal conflicts.
the Piranha Women probably figured that the problems
that arise between men and women naturally in any
relationship were best solved by ritualized killing.
- Do a lot of feminists eat men?
- No, Bunny.
Not many.
You have to understand that
the Piranha Women are a primitive, ancient,
radical offshoot of the women's movement.
Now most feminists like myself and Dr. Kurtz,
we believe in equality between the sexes,
not the domination of women over men.
And there aren't any modern feminists
that advocate cannibalism.
At least not since the 60s.
(orchestral music)
San Bernardino.
A rough speck of civilization
on the edge of The Avocado Belt.
We'll head down to some local establishments
and see if we can find a mercenary
to guide us through the jungle.
- I've never been to San Bernardino before.
- Don't worry, Bunny.
We'll be all right.
(orchestral music)
- Hey chickies.
Can I buy you a drink?
- No thanks.
- When I offer a chick a drink I-
- I am not a chick.
I'm an ethnohistorian with a doctorate
in cultural anthropology.
Got that?
- Yes Doctor.
- Good.
Now I understand that your compulsion
to assault women verbally stems from a constant
exposure to violent and sexist images
from a male -dominated media.
Therefore, I won't blow a hole in your head.
- Thank you.
- I'm from the Department of Feminist Studies
at Spritzer College.
I wanna hire a mercenary for a very dangerous job.
(Anvil roars)
- I'm Anvil.
A crazy ex -Vietnam vet who hires
himself out to the highest bidder.
I can rape, pillage.
(Anvil chuckles)
And napalm an entire South Asian village single -handedly.
(Bunny coughs)
- I am Bushido.
The world's greatest ninja.
I am a killing machine.
Master of all the deadly arts.
And if you need a mercenary to kill and to maim.
I am the best.
- I am the Black -Masked Avenger!
World champion wrestler and weightlifter!
I don't need no weapons or guns!
I can crush men with my bare hands!
I can squish them!
Smash them!
And throttle them!
Look at this!
(Avenger screams)
So what is your job?
- You wanna burn down a small town?
- Attack an impenetrable fortress?
- Or crush an army of enemies?
- I need a guide to take me through The Avocado Jungle.
- [Mercenaries] The Avocado Jungle?
- I want to make contact with the Piranha Women.
- [Mercenaries] The Piranha Women?
- Excuse me miss, I gotta go to the Veterans' Center.
For some counseling.
Maybe next time.
- I forgot, I'm busy.
They're a showing of Seven Samurai
tonight at The Nuart and...
Bye.
- I've gotta go on the Nutrisystem, yeah.
Lose a little weight.
A jungle trip is out of the question right now.
- Well let that be a lesson to you, Bunny.
A bunch of violent brutes wrapped up
in a blanket of male machismo.
They're happy to victimize the helpless,
but one thing sends them scurrying away.
One thing strips their phony courage.
The threat of a strong woman.
- Not so fast, Dr. Margo Hunt.
Ms. Ethnohistorian.
There's still some real men left in this world.
Men who haven't been castrated
by the years of feminist propaganda
that corrupted the public school system
and infected prime time television.
Men who believe that nature designed women to cook,
nurture children, and pose for Penthouse magazine.
Real men who say our role in this world is to love,
protect, and yes, I'm not afraid to say it.
Dominate women.
I'll go into The Avocado Jungle with you.
I'll lead you to the Piranha Women.
I'm man enough to face the dangers that lurk
in the dark bosom of the jungle.
Ahh!
Rawr!
Argh!
Ow!
I'm not afraid of the Piranha Women.
Any more than I'm afraid of a certain ethnohistorian who,
terrified of her own frailty and need to be loved,
abandoned her femineity in a bizarre
charade of scholarship and androgyny.
- Jim, what are you doing here?
- You know him, Dr. Hunt?
- Sure she knows me, Bunny.
Dr. Hunt and I are old friends aren't we, Margo?
- Well... - We were in love once.
Desperately and passionately in love.
But that was a long time ago wasn't it, Margo?
Back when your mind wasn't filled
with bizarre feminist notions
about the meaninglessness of love.
Back then you were the most giving,
passionate woman I'd ever met in my life.
I turned my whole world upside down for you.
We shared our innermost thoughts and feelings.
We made plans, big plans.
Plans for a life together.
And then you dumped me flat because I didn't
turn out to be the sort of man who fit in
neatly with the feminist tommyrot
you were being force -fed by your professors.
- It was a one night stand.
I was half drunk and left right after we had sex.
We didn't say eight words to each other
and all yours were composed of one syllable.
- Ha!
Just like you to count the words, Dr. Hunt.
But what you never understood is there are
some feelings that can't be measured in words.
Some moments that last an eternity.
You toyed with my affections and after
you crushed my heart I crawled into
a whiskey bottle and I haven't come out since.
- You left for Hawaii the next day
with the bimbo in the cafeteria.
- Well, yeah, but I had made that date a week before.
And besides, the second I got back from Hawaii I crawled
into a whiskey bottle and I haven't come out since.
- Ugh, let's go, Bunny.
- Wait!
You said you needed a guide.
Well I'm the best.
- Well I've changed my mind.
- We'll do without one. - Fat chance.
You won't last 10 minutes in that jungle without me.
- I can take care of myself.
- Not in The Avocado Jungle you can't.
Do you know what jungle herb cures
the poisonous bite of the river snake?
Do you know where the only land route is
around the white waters of death?
Do you know the way through the secret maze caves
that lie underneath Hangman's Cliff?
Huh?
Do you?
- Well no, I don't.
- Well no, but I have this paperback.
- I'll buy my own book.
- It's out of print.
- You as a guide?
How much?
- Oh isn't that fine.
Just like you to treat me like a gigolo
and offer me money after all we meant to each other.
- How much?
- $25,000.
- Forget it. - 50 bucks?
- Okay.
- That's 50 plus expenses.
- Now Jim, I don't care what happened to us before.
That's all in the past.
I've hired you as a guide with the understanding
that our relationship will be
strictly professional from here on in.
- Whatever you say, honey buns.
- Get out.
- Okay, okay.
You're right.
I just slipped.
Strictly professional.
That's the way you want, that's the way it'll be.
I'll be good, really.
I promise.
I guess sharing a sleeping bag is out then?
(orchestra music)
This is it.
The Avocado Jungle.
- It doesn't look like a jungle.
- The outer regions aren't very overgrown,
but the foliage gets thicker the deeper you go.
- We're gonna have to leave the jeep here and continue on foot.
- Yeah, well you girls better hang back.
This could be dangerous.
We don't wanna make any misstep.
- [Bunny] Are you okay?
- Yeah, yeah, just checking the tires.
Yeah, they're good.
I'll look at the oil later.
- He wrecked my nails.
- There it is.
The Avocado Jungle.
Look around you, Bunny.
In front of us, the lush, untouched rainforest
of the last surviving matriarchy.
Behind us, the polluted patriarchy of western civilization.
We're leaving a world dominated by men
and entering one ruled by women.
- Whup -de -doo.
Just keep bashing men.
In a couple days you'll be dying
for a Burger King out here.
- I doubt it.
- You women, you're always bitching and moaning
about men and the way we run things,
but let's face it, who could have ever
invented but a man the '64 GTO?
Or for that matter the Corvette Stingray.
Any year, any model.
All you women have ever done is, what?
Some French chick invented kryptonite or something.
The important things like beer and meat, that was all men.
- Yeah, it's hard to imagine
a woman inventing nuclear weapons.
- [Jim] Exactly, and where would we be without them?
- [Margo] And the Nazi blitzkrieg seemed like a male idea.
Not to mention South African apartheid.
How about World War I, the Crusades,
the Spanish Inquisition, the rape of Shanghai?
- So men have done a lot of things.
- [Jim] Elvis Presley.
- [Margo] Janis Joplin.
- [Jim] Patton. - [Margo] Joan of Arc.
- [Jim] How about Tammy Bakker?
- [Margo] Jim Bakker, Jerry Falwell, Jimmy Swaggart.
- [Jim] Jessica Hunt, Fawn Hall, Donna Wright.
- Joseph McCarthy.
Richard Nixon.
- [Jim] Joan Rivers.
- Joan Rivers?
I like Joan Rivers. I think she's funny.
- [Jim] Well I think Nixon's funny.
(snake hissing)
(birds chirping)
- Jim, what are you doing?
- Hacking out a trail through the underbrush.
- The trail is here, you're just
hacking at branches on the side.
- Yeah, but I just bought the machete.
It seemed like a shame not to use it.
Anyway, it's good practice for when
the jungle really gets thick, you know?
Sometimes I swing two or three, then it's really light.
- I think you look really handsome with a machete.
- Well thank you, Bunny.
- [Margo] Come on you two!
We've got a lot of ground to cover before night!
- Girls before boys. - No no, boy, girl, boy, girl!
- No.
- No, that's the way you do it in the jungle. - [Bunny]  No!
- Hey.
Want some?
- Yeah.
What is that?
- Pina colada.
- Where's Bunny?
- That's funny.
She was right...
- Bunny! - Bunny!
- Kitty.
Aww, you're so cute.
Kitty.
Come here, aww.
(leopard purring)
Good kitty.
Nice kitty.
Are you lost?
Huh?
Where's your home?
What do you like to eat?
Ooh, look at your eyes.
- [Jim] Bunny!
- Oh no.
- [Margo] Bunny!
- Bye.
Bye.
- [Margo] Bunny!
- [Jim] Bunny?
- Bunny!
Oh, her curling iron.
- And her Indiana Jones lunchbox.
- Bunny!
- Whoa, look at all this stuff!
Milk Duds, Good 'N Plenty, Nutty Buddies!
I had a feeling she was holding out on us.
- Bunny!
- I just found a big kitty.
- Where have you been?
Don't you know it's dangerous in the jungle?
- Don't you know it's dangerous to hold out on your friends?
- Give me this.
- Ow!
Do you have a band-aid?
(playful music)
- You don't have any idea where we are?
- Of course I know where we are. I know exactly where we are.
- Oh good.
- We're...
- Let me see that. - Honey, honey, honey, please!
I know you think you know everything about everything,
but when it comes to reading maps I happen to be an expert.
All right, now our best chance of finding
the Piranha Women is to take the Rio Santa Rosa River.
It runs the length of The Avocado Jungle.
And it is, I believe, their primary source of fresh water.
- Well maybe we can build a raft and float downstream.
- Yeah, good, whatever.
All right, now according to my calculations,
with the North Star overhead and the moon rising easterly,
and allowing for a wind factor of five,
the river should be approximately 23.6 miles away.
Should take us about two days to get there.
- 23 miles?
But the jungle is so lush and green around here.
Are you sure it's not closer?
I mean-
- Sweetie, sweetie ,sweetie, please!
If there's one thing I know, it's how to read a map.
Now if you will excuse me,
I gotta go to the little boy's room.
Make yourselves busy.
God, women, you know?
They think they know about everything.
Ahh!
(big splash)
- I think he found the river.
- Maybe that isn't the North Star.
- They're all dry now, but I wanna get the wrinkles out.
- Maybe you put a neat military crease
across the front panels of the pants and shirt.
- Oh sure!
- You sure are a good little homemaker, Bunny.
- Thanks.
I've been taking home economics for two years now.
But I'm switching my major to feminist studies.
- What would you wanna do that for?
- I wanna expand my mind.
- Why?
- Gee, I don't know.
Maybe I could become the first woman president or something.
- I followed the river for about half a mile.
There's a wreckage of a small boat
that's out near the shore.
Now it's salvageable.
We could use it to travel downstream.
I wonder what it was doing this deep into the jungle.
- The Patna.
- You know it?
- Yes.
Yes, I know it.
It was a long, long time ago.
I was young.
Very young.
And stupid.
Very stupid.
I made a mistake.
Arab pilgrims.
A nasty business.
I panicked.
Got drummed out of the Merchant Marine.
Spent the next three years of my life
criss-crossing the globe trying to live it down.
I'm sorry, I don't wanna talk about it.
- Whatever.
- After that I crawled into a whiskey-
- Oh Jim, please.
Not the whiskey bottle again.
- Poor Jimmy doesn't have a tent.
- Bunny, he'll be all right.
It's a warm night.
- Listen.
Isn't it beautiful?
(harmonica music)
- He is awfully good.
- You're kinda tough on him.
- Yeah.
- He said he loved you.
- I doubt that.
It never would've worked out.
He's an egotistical, chauvinistic klutz.
- I think he's kinda cute.
- Well maybe I am a little hard on him.
Bunny, it's just that he represents my failures.
- Failures? - You?
- Sure, we all have them.
Can I tell you a secret I've never told anyone before?
- Sure.
- In a way, Jim is right.
I am afraid of men.
My relationships have been, well,
I've had a lot of one night stands.
A little to drink, you know, give myself an excuse.
And I subconsciously fall for jerks
I know I'll never be emotionally involved with.
It's all so empty.
Passionless, really.
I guess deep down I'm afraid that there can never
be any real respect or equality between the sexes.
Not really.
I've avoided commitment because I'm afraid
I'll be emotionally dominated by my lover.
Or equally as sad, I dominate him.
I guess that seems kinda strange huh?
- Can I tell you something too, Dr. Hunt?
Something I've never told anybody before?
- Of course, Bunny.
I'm glad we get to share this.
- Well sometimes when I'm with a guy,
I wish that he'd tie me up with red licorice ropes.
And then spank me.
And then he'd eat the ropes.
And then he'd free me.
And then we'd make love while
the Philharmonic played Bolero.
- Thank you, Bunny.
You really put my thoughts in perspective.
- I feel better too.
- Hey, you want some red licorice?
- No thanks.
- How about you, Bun?
Come on, it's a foot -long.
Start on the end, I'll meet you in the middle.
- No thanks.
- Suit yourself.
(Jim hums Bolero)
- Let's see if this boat floats, huh?
What do you say?
- And over here on the left we have
the tribal headhunter and trader.
He's got a special for us today.
It's a two -for -one.
Two of his heads for one of yours.
Do we have any takers?
- This is why this is incredible.
He's memorized the entire speech
from the Jungle Boat ride at Disneyland.
- That'll be useful.
- I can do the Tiki Room too.
- You know everything! - Can you steer the boat?
- Hey, I know Adventureland like the back of my hand.
Of course this jungle can't be much different.
(loud thump)
- What was that?
- Something went under the boat.
Something big.
- It's probably just a rock.
- Hardly.
A hippo, look!
- A hippo?
In California?
- The Palm Springs hippo.
It's a lighter version than its African cousin
because of the low -cholesterol diet.
But it's just as deadly.
(hippo roars)
- Oh my god, it's charging at the boat!
- We're gonna die! - Man the helm!
- Don't let it broadside us, Jim!
Hard to port, hard to port!
- Port, is that left or right?
- Left, left!
- [Bunny] Is it dead?
- I think so.
- Boy, did its ears wiggle when it
started to get close to us?
- Yeah, the ears wiggle when they're angry.
- Yeah.
- This is not the Disneyland jungle boat ride!
Get real, folks!
We were almost killed!
(birds chirping)
(ducks quacking)
Shh.
There's something in the bushes.
- I think I hear something.
Oh lordy!
- Get down.
- They're attacking!
Whoa!
- I'm coming.
Where does it hurt?
- I can't tell.
I think I'm in shock.
Am I bleeding?
- [Bunny] No.
- What was it that did me in?
Was it a rock?
A spear?
An arrow?
- Looks like a knitted potholder to me.
- It looks like a doily.
- Looks like a crocheted potholder.
Boy, those Piranha Women are stupider than I thought.
What did they think they're gonna get attacking us
with doilies and potholders and placemats?
Women today are just not the way I thought they'd be.
- Well I don't think it's the Piranha Women.
Whoever it is, they're gone now.
Let's go investigate.
- Wait.
They could have flatware. It might be dangerous.
- [Bunny] Why would somebody
attack our boat with potholders?
- Well maybe it wasn't meant as an attack.
Maybe it was meant as an offering.
- [Jim] An offering?
Oh god, you don't mean... - Yes!
- Who?
- Let's go back to the boat.
- No, we can't go back.
We want to be the first outsiders ever to make contact.
- [Jim] They're disgusting!
- [Bunny] Who?
- [Margo] They're not disgusting.
You think that anyone who chooses to live
their life differently from you is disgusting.
Well different lifestyles have different traditions, Jim.
- [Jim] They're sniveling worms and I don't
have the stomach to look at them.
- [Bunny] Who? - It's just a legend, really.
But in The Avocado Jungle there's a tribe of men
who live apart from the Piranha Women.
- And who cower in fear of them.
- They have different cultures, Jim.
They're really very caring and nurturing.
- [Jim] They're a bunch of weenies!
- They make potholders?
- Well they make baked goods, sew their own clothes,
and they leave out handicrafts for the Piranha Women.
And in return, they don't eat them.
Kinda a symbiotic relationship.
- Kinda an idiotic relationship is more like it.
- What are they called?
- The Donnahews.
Come on out, don't be afraid!
- [Bunny] We won't eat you.
We promise. - Don't be afraid, look.
I'm an ethnographer.
(goofy tuba music)
- Good god, what wimps!
- It's a different culture, Jim.
- I think they're sweet.
- Thank you.
It's beautiful.
- [Donnahews] Donnahew!
Alan Alda!
Mark Harmon!
Walter Mondale!
- Get off of me, you wuss!
Get away!
Ugh, I'm not getting on my knees!
Great suffering Christ man,
they're just a couple of chicks!
(lute and bongo music)
- Donnahew?
- Oh thank you, no, I'm stuffed, really.
It was all delicious though.
- Alan Alda?
- Thank you, no.
- Oh yes, thank you.
This tuna fish casserole is a dream.
And the stuffed bell peppers?
They're so good.
Aren't they really good cooks?
- Really good wimps is what they are.
- Why does it bother you so much
to see men cooking and performing
tasks generally relegated to women?
They seem happy enough.
You act as if your own masculinity
were threatened because another man
performs a supposedly feminine task.
Why don't you just be yourself
and let them be who they are?
(Jim spits) - Because, sorry pal.
Because no man can be truly happy acting
as a housemaid to a bunch of man -eaters.
Cooking and sewing just aren't in the male hormones.
These poor, desperate wretches don't know
any better 'cause they don't have any
role models like John Wayne or Stallone.
If they did-
- They'd be violent,
emotionally repressed, and narrow -minded.
- Just like my heroes.
Strong and masculine and virile.
Hey buddy, is there any more of that kiwi tart left?
And can I get a chair?
- Oh my.
Beautiful!
Oh you made it yourself?
It's wonderful, but really, my apartment is so small.
Really, I couldn't.
Nice though.
Very nice.
- I have a lot of fantasies
about being tied up and spanked.
I suppose it isn't very liberated is it?
What kind of fantasies do feminists have?
- Bunny, please go to sleep!
We have to get up early and look for the Piranha Women.
- What kind of fantasies do Piranha Women have?
Eating men, I suppose.
Charbroiled or baked?
- Donnahew.
Alan Alda.
- Oh great, I could use a drink.
What is...
Hot chocolate?
Jesus H. Christ, men don't bring other men hot chocolate!
Guys, this is no way to live.
What's killing me I know that deep inside
every last of you beats the heart
of a virile, macho, manly man.
And I'll be goddamned if I sit idly by
and watch you all waste away your lives
as a bunch of sniveling, cowardly wimps.
Tonight I'm gonna teach you all how to be men.
And I know just how to do it.
Beer!
There!
See what it is to be a man!
Ha!
Take it!
Do it!
Come on, I know you want it!
Be a man!
Do it!
Beer!
Come on, you're the chief!
Show them what you got!
(tense music)
("Also Sprach Zarathustra" remix music)
Yeah!
Come on, boys!
Pass them out!
Beer!
(Donnahews chanting "beer")
Beer! Beer! Beer!
All right boys.
Keep drinking, there's plenty more where that came from.
All right, now we're gonna have
a little pop quiz here on what we learned.
Pay attention.
Eyes front.
Now.
What's that?
- [Donnahews] Beer!
- Yeah, all right.
Here we go.
What's that?
- [Donnahews] Penthouse!
- Penthouse, yes.
Okay.
What's that?
- [Donnahews] Keys to the Chevy!
- Right on!
Good men.
All right, now.
Let's take a little scenario here.
Let's say you're riding down the street in your Corvette.
You got one hand on the wheel, palming it.
Got one eye out looking for the cops.
You spot out of the corner of your eye
walking down the street in some sexy
hot pants some buxom teen talent.
You know, a dame!
A girl, a broad, a wench!
Woman!
So what do you do?
No no, get back!
You don't run and hide!
Get back there!
Jesus Christ!
What do you do?
No no, you don't offer them knitted products!
Men don't knit!
You yell out to her!
You yell out "Hey, sexy mama!"
"Hey, love machine, you wanna go for a ride in my 'vette?"
So let's try it, all right?
Okay?
Hey, sexy mama!
- [Donnahews] Hey, sexy mama.
- Hey, love machine!
- [Donnahews] Hey, love machine.
- That's it.
You wanna go for a ride in my 'vette?
- [Donnahews] You wanna go for a ride in my 'vette?
- Yeah!
That was pretty good, all right.
Go ahead boys, you earned another swig.
Yeah.
Hey, fellas.
Take five.
- Excuse me.
Hi.
I heard all the noise and I couldn't sleep,
so I thought maybe one of you
could make me some hot chocolate.
- Chick.
- Broad.
- Sexy mama.
- What?
- Hey, baby.
You wanna go for a ride in my 'vette?
- I don't know, where's it parked?
- Hey love machine, let's do it dirty.
- Love machine?
What happened to tuna casseroles and needle point?
I mean all I came out here for
was to ask for some hot chocolate.
Dr. Hunt!
(scurrying cries)
- Let go of Bunny!
- No!
(Bunny sobs)
- What are you doing out here?
- Look, I'm sorry, all right?
I'm sorry.
I mean it, I'm sorry.
It's just that we had a party
and the boys got a little out of control.
- Out of control?
They tried to gang rape Bunny.
- And I didn't get any hot chocolate.
- Gang rape her, huh?
Boy, I didn't know they had it in them.
- Jerk.
- I'm sorry, I didn't mean it that way.
I meant...
Bunny, you know what I meant, right?
- I guess so.
- It's just that, considering how faggy
they were acting, it was kinda delightful to see them
finally taking a healthy interest in the opposite sex.
- God.
A healthy interest to you means a violent one.
- Oh, yeah, like your little
Piranha Women don't resort to violence.
They only kill, slice up, and eat men.
- Quite right, and I'm beginning
to think they've got the right idea.
(orchestral music)
- Oh fudge a duck, the propeller's stuck again.
There's too much grass in this area.
- Look, we're just gonna have to drag it
downstream where there's deeper water.
- Drag it?
- Yeah, drag it. - You got us into this mess.
- Oh, you mean we have to get in the water?
I didn't even bring any trunks.
Ew, ew, ew!
- What, leeches? - No, catfish.
- Catfish?
Catfish don't bite.
- I know, but they swished all around
my ankles and it feels icky.
I always hated catfish, even as a kid.
There's no ickier feeling than catfish swishing around.
I mean what if one crawled up
my pants leg and swam up-
- Oh shut up with the catfish.
If you wanna get back in the boat, get back in the boat.
- Margo, me think thou doth protest too much.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- You're always mad at me, you're always yelling at me.
I'm sure a big doctor like you know that underneath
that means you're just hiding your true feelings.
- Which is?
- That you really love me.
- I don't love you.
I don't even like you.
- Then why is your voice quivering as you say that?
- My voice is not quivering.
- Yes it is.
It is.
You can always tell when a woman's in love.
Because their voice quivers when she speaks.
- My voice is not quivering!
- Why are you getting so emotional?
- I'm not emotional. - It's quivering again.
- I'm not emotional or quivering!
- Margo, are you getting your period?
- No, I'm not getting my period.
It's not due for two weeks.
Why am I telling you this?
- Because I care dammit!
- Jim, there's a leech on your neck.
- Ahh!
Ew, ew!
Leech!
- [Bunny] Hey, are you guys having a water fight?
- No, we're not having a water fight.
That's when I decided to start my own business.
Everybody said I was crazy,
but taking orders from others,
that's just not the way the Jim man is made.
Hey Margo, have some of this. It's great, it's great dip.
It's guacamole.
- Of course it's guacamole!
I'm sick of guacamole!
I'm sick of avocados!
I want meat.
- Ha!
I told you you'd want a Burger King out here.
Or maybe a nice juicy steak or meatloaf of...
Quit looking at me like that.
(tense music)
Hey.
You want to eat me don't you?
- I didn't say that.
- You were thinking it.
I can see that look in your eye.
You wanna eat me!
- Only for a minute.
- Moderate feminist.
You women's libbers are all alike.
A couple of days out here in the jungle
and you turn into savages.
You threw away all that rhetoric about equality
and you get down to what you really want.
The domination and consumption of men.
- I'm sorry!
I'm hot, and I'm tired, and I lost my head for a moment!
- Or maybe you found your true self.
Take a look at her, Bunny.
Take a good hard look.
She wants to eat me.
See for yourself what the women's movement
is really all about.
- That's it!
You're dead meat!
- No no, no no!
Bunny!
Help!
Hey honey, chill.
Chill, really.
Come on, we'll get you some nice Donnahew meat.
I'm sure they'd be pleased to be eaten by you.
- Chauvinistic pig!
Let's see what you look like when you're real lean!
- Don't eat him, Dr. Hunt!
- Oh my god.
I'm losing my mind.
It's this jungle.
I'm just losing my mind.
- Well with having your period and everything.
- We've gotta go back.
We're going back.
We've just gone too deep into the heart of the jungle.
- It's a little too late for that, Margo.
I think they found us.
- [Bunny] Cute outfits.
- [Jim] Maybe.
But they don't look too friendly to me.
- [Margo] Don't worry.
- What do you got?
Grenade?
Gun?
- No, something all feminist cultures will understand
no matter how radical or how primitive.
My N.O.W. membership card.
(speaking foreign language)
- What did she say?
- I'm not sure.
It's a strange difficult language.
Listen.
I'm looking for Dr. Kurtz.
Do you understand me?
Dr. Kurtz.
- Kurtz?
- Yes, Dr. Kurtz!
Can you take me to her?
Get your stuff.
(orchestra music)
The secret temple of the Piranha Women.
Their architecture is surprisingly advanced.
- Looks like a big Lego to me.
- This must be the alter room where they...
- Eat guys?
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Look. A vegetable juice spa.
This must be great for the complexion.
- Jim don't!
- What?
- Bunny, hand me one of those Fritos.
- What is it?
- Piranha.
The real thing.
This must be where the Piranha Women dispose
of the fat and bones of their male sacrifices.
- Very good, Dr. Hunt.
That is quite correct.
- Francine Kurtz.
Then you are alive.
- And she's got one of those cute outfits on.
- I have more than just the outfit, Bunny.
The Piranha Women have christened me
Empress of The Avocado Jungle.
I am their supreme ruler.
- Empress?
- I knew the Avocado Board would send someone after me.
But I never suspected it would be another feminist.
After I did away with the army.
- [Margo] You mean to say you led those
Piranha Women against the soldiers?
- Of course.
They violated our jungle sanctuary.
They had to die.
They were pretty delicious too.
- Dr. Kurtz, I'm unfamiliar with the academic guidelines
at Radcliffe, but I would think any major university
would consider warring on the United States
and eating prisoners of war a serious breach of ethics.
- Always the cautious scholar, huh Dr. Hunt?
I'm not here to study the Piranha Women.
I'm here to lead them.
The future of feminism lies in this temple.
- You're saying the future of women is in cannibalism?
- Face up to the truth!
This is a war!
A war between men and women.
Anything short of cannibalism
is just beating around the bush.
- Well it's obvious the Avocado Board sent the wrong
scholar to deal with the Piranha Women.
- And you're so obviously the right one.
An academic so naive, so trusting, she actually
believes there's an avocado shortage.
Yes.
That's what they told me too.
But I was suspicious enough to do
a little research into the matter.
The fact of the matter is the United States
has a massive avocado glut.
They're dumping avocados by the ton
in the Santa Monica Harbor just to get rid of them.
- But if that's the case, then why send me?
- You're an ethnohistorian.
Use your head.
It's not the avocados the government is worried about.
It's the Piranha Women.
The reactionary male factions are terrified of them.
Terrified of the example a nation of strong women
might set for the rest of the country.
After they succeeded in stopping the ERA,
in the wake of a mainstream feminist backlash,
they figured it was the perfect time
to wipe out the Piranha Women for good.
- But the reservations in Malibu.
- They're there all right.
I did some research into those too.
Deluxe condominiums.
Pool.
Sauna.
Total luxury living.
Only what they didn't tell you about
were the thousand of subscriptions
to Cosmopolitan that were timed for delivery
when the Piranha Women took up residence.
Not to mention the team of Mary Kay cosmetics
saleswomen who were ready to pounce upon them.
They had a secret plan for doing away
with the Piranha Women.
Something far more sinister
than an armored division of infantry.
- Cultural assimilation.
- Yes.
Within five years, the Piranha Women would've been
just a bunch of bikini bunnies bouncing around
Malibu searching for a good sushi bar.
- I know a great sushi bar in Malibu.
You go down Sunset, turn right at PCH and-
- You see?
They would've all ended up...
Like her.
Now that you're here you have only one choice.
To join with us.
Become a Piranha Woman.
- I can't do that.
Although I'm discouraged, I can't give up hope
that there will be equality between the sexes.
- I cannot allow you to leave the jungle
and reveal the secrets of the Piranha Women.
You either join us or you all die together.
- Then kill us.
Because I'd rather die than compromise my ethical standards.
- Hey hey hey, speak for yourself!
I'm sure could roundtable this whole thing and come up-
- You, idiot male, will die anyway.
You look a little tough, but I suppose
if you were marinated before cooking...
Take him.
- Marinated? Sweetie, that's carcinogenic.
You don't want to, Bunny!
- Jim!
(suspense music)
Get off me!
- Take Dr. Hunt also.
(bones cracking)
You're outnumbered, Margo.
There are a thousand Piranha Women in this temple.
You haven't got a chance.
- You let my friends go or I'll shoot you first.
- Go ahead.
Fire on a fellow feminist.
Fire on a fellow anthropologist.
You may not personally agree with my tactics,
but you know my only goal is to help
the Piranha Women maintain their cultural heritage.
Go ahead and shoot.
- Shoot her!
Do it! Give the woman what she wants!
- It will take some time to make the preparations
for your initiation into the tribe of Piranha Women.
I will give you until tomorrow morning
to make your decision.
If you agree to join us, you will sacrifice your first man.
If you do not agree, you will be thrown
into the piranha pit and you will die.
Painfully.
Take her.
Take the airhead too.
- [Bunny] Jim!
- Bunny don't worry!
You'll save me!
Hi.
Hey, I hope you know that crack
about shooting you was just a joke.
That's me, always with the...
Nonstop, the whole trip I'm...
Have they told you how great you look in that dress?
Because that, see, it's feminine
and feminist which is my cause.
Really, feminism. I thought Geraldine Ferraro,
for example, creamed Bush in that debate.
- [Kurtz] You're gonna cook up real good.
Put him with the rest of the men.
Tomorrow we eat him.
- You know, I've got a subscription to Men!
Throwing me in with your lunch meat, huh?
Those guys must be bigger wimps than the Donnahews.
All right, I'm going, whoa!
Can I interject one thing?
Now I'm not saying this just to save my hide.
But talking strictly nutritional requirements,
if you girls are eating only men you cannot
possibly be getting everything you need
from the four basic food groups!
(loud thud)
Gee, you guys are pretty big for wimps.
Of course, the joke's on you when those
broads come back and start picking out
ingredients for chicken McMacho.
Anybody got a smoke?
- I brought you some food.
- Who are you?
- I am Jean -Pierre.
Your sacrifice for tomorrow.
It is traditional in the tribe of the Piranha Women
for the sacrificee to serve his mistress
the night before the ceremony.
- But you speak English.
- Some.
I learned it from listening to Dr. Kurtz.
- Well you must be very smart to have picked it up
so quickly without any formal training.
- Alas, intelligence in males
is not valued by the Piranha Women.
Only muscle tissue.
- Well you certainly have plenty of that.
- They force us to work out with weights.
It makes the meat more flavorful.
Please, eat.
- Oh thank you.
I am hungry.
Very good.
- I'm glad.
He was a friend of mine.
Jacques.
- Gosh, this stuff is really good.
Chewy, but tasty.
Kinda like lean pork.
What is it?
- Jacques.
- Is that one of those beef substitutes?
Huh?
Whatever it is, it sure is good.
You work out on a Nautilus?
Got any more dip?
(tense music)
(speaking foreign language)
- I'd like to speak to Jean -Pierre.
Where is Jean -Pierre?
Oh, he's a friend of yours huh?
Well don't worry, I won't kill him.
God knows I won't eat him.
- There is your sacrifice.
If you wish to become a Piranha Woman you must
first take his body, and then his life.
What is your decision?
- I refuse to kill another human being in cold blood.
However, in deference to your cultural traditions,
I would be willing to have sex with him.
- Forget it.
If you want your cake you'll have to eat it.
If you do not use this dagger to draw his blood
I will have you thrown into the piranha pit.
- I won't join your tribe.
And I appeal to you as a member
of the National Academy of Sciences to release me
and my friends and allow us to go on our way.
- No!
I want to be a Piranha Woman.
- Bunny, what are you saying?
- I wanna be a Piranha Woman.
- Bunny, dammit, I knew I shouldn't have brought you.
You haven't had enough women's studies core classes.
You're being seduced by the simplicity
of the Piranha Women's philosophy.
- No I haven't.
I just want one of those cute outfits.
- [Margo] Bunny, listen to me!
- Silence her!
Are you sure you wanna become a Piranha Woman?
- Yes.
- Are you willing to partake
in the blood sacrifice initiation?
- Well if you mean with sex
with a guy and then kill him, sure.
I'll try it.
I've done weirder things at frat parties.
- Then I will allow you to become a Piranha Woman.
On one condition.
He shall be your sacrifice.
- Well now you've gone too far, Dr. Kurtz.
I happen to be a pretty good judge
of human nature, and as far as our Bunny goes,
well the poor kid happens to be nuts about me.
She would never-
- [Bunny] Sure, I'll kill him.
- Prepare them both for sacrifice.
- [Bunny] Toodles!
- What?
- Just do it!
- Rawr!
- [Kurtz] The sacrifice has escaped!
Kill him!
- Quick, this way!
- [Kurtz] Stop them!
Kill them! (suspense music)
- Over the ledge.
Jump!
I can fight them off from here.
- Oh no, you're coming with me.
- No, it's more important that you escape.
- Jean-Pierre, will you stop being a sacrifice?
Now come with me.
Ahh!
Jean -Pierre!
Jean -Pierre.
Dammit, the first decent guy I...
(suspense music)
(dramatic music)
- So this is why Piranha Women have red hair huh?
Huh?
Gee, I hope this dye isn't gonna make my hair frizz.
Do you have any conditioner for that?
You know, actually, I was thinking maybe
we could go a little shorter this time
in the cut if that's okay with you.
Or maybe, if we keep it red, I should just
keep it long because then I'll look like Tiffany,
and actually I thinking about taking up singing, so...
- Hey.
Have I told you girls how terrific you look?
Great loins.
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey wait, whoa whoa whoa, can I say one thing?
One thing.
I'd rather have you kill me than make me a gelding.
We had a dog once and we fixed him
and he was just never happy.
Hey, can't we be reasonable about this?
I mean we're all people here.
Piranhas, non -Piranhas.
Hey, what's this?
A little hot tub action, huh?
Maybe I misjudged you girls.
I think I might actually like this place.
Oh yeah.
That's nice.
Hey, you know, you're not such bad young ladies after all.
Probably just had rough childhoods, right?
Smoked a lot of pot in high school,
parents were divorced, that kind of thing?
Oh yeah, oh that's good.
A little lower.
Little lower.
That's the spot.
Now make circles.
(Jim chuckles)
Just kidding.
Boy, it's nice to see at least a couple of you girls
know how to treat a man around this crazy temple.
You know, a lot of you Piranha gals,
you probably just never met the right guy.
And I bet you you're terrific cooks.
Something around here smells fabulous.
I think it's this bath water.
This would make a hearty soup base wouldn't it?
Hey.
What's up, doc?
What goes...
Hey, what...
Oh my god, you're marinating me!
Hey!
Let me out!
- We are the Barracuda Women.
We are the sworn enemies of the Piranha Women.
If you were escaping from them, you must be our friend.
Thousands of years ago, the Piranha Women
and Barracuda Women were as one.
But we split over ideological differences.
- What were they?
- The Piranha Women believe that men should be
slaughtered and eaten with guacamole dip.
- And you think that's wrong?
- Yes!
We believe they should be eaten with clam dip.
- That's it?
Clam dip?
- It's a fundamental principle.
- You people have been divided
for thousands of years because of a kind of dip?
Oh that really makes me mad.
Why is it women always argue over such petty differences?
It's not wonder we couldn't get the ERA passed.
Men can always seem to agree on football and beer.
Well that's it.
We are going back to the Piranha Women's temple.
The women of this jungle must unite.
And I'm gonna settle a score
with a certain renegade ethnographer.
- I think I'm gonna like being a Piranha Woman.
- What you do is you set up a joint committee
consisting of equal numbers of Piranha Women
and Barracuda Women, you meet biweekly,
air any differences that might arise,
and it's really that simple.
So what we'll do is we'll organize...
(tense music)
(speaking foreign language)
- Onward, women!
(shouting foreign language)
- Come on, move it!
Kurtz's field notes.
It's an outline for a book.
- Okay, let's see.
So she's gonna make love to me, that's good.
Then she's gonna kill me and eat me.
That's bad.
Why can't I ever have a completely good day?
- Here, Bunny.
Drink of the elixir of the Piranha Women.
Let the sacrifice begin!
- Bunny, please!
Put away that knife.
You don't know what you're doing.
This whole crazy jungle's got you all mixed up.
- I know what I'm doing.
I want to become a Piranha Woman.
- Oh my god.
Your eyes.
That strange elixir of the Piranha Women
has changed the color of your eyes.
- No it hasn't. - Green contacts, stupid.
Now shut up while I sacrifice you.
I'm sorry I have to kill you.
I really did think you were kinda cute.
- Bunny, please don't.
Don't kill me.
- I have to.
- What did Margo say?
Oh yeah, the song.
(humming Bolero)
- That song.
Bolero.
- Kill him.
Now!
Kill him!
- I can't!
- Do it!
- I can't.
I love him.
- Throw them both in the piranha pit.
- That water's really gonna stain this outfit.
- Wait!
- What now?
- According to the traditions of the Piranha Women,
I challenge the Empress of The Avocado Jungle
to a battle for the right to the throne.
- It is your right.
But I warn you Margo, you haven't got a chance.
- We'll see.
(suspense music)
- You handle yourself fairly well.
- I studied ancient weaponry at Berkeley.
- Professor Harris?
- No, Professor Johnson.
- Really?
I had Professor Johnson at Stanford.
Enough preliminaries.
- Why don't you tell the Piranha Women
the real reason you became their leader.
- What are you talking about?
- I found your study.
I read your notes.
The outline for your book?
You don't care about the Piranha Women.
You just want to write a book about your experiences.
- That's not true.
- My Life As A Piranha Woman by Francine Kurtz?
Catchy.
Should make the bestseller list.
The media hype from your last book was fading.
You needed something new to get back
on the talk show circuit.
Isn't that right?
Well what better than an expose
on the Piranha Women's lives?
- Think Margo will win?
- Yeah.
Do you have any more of those red licorice ropes?
- Sure, in my backpack.
Why?
- We'll discuss it later.
- You were going to exploit their culture
and traditions for a cheap paperback potboiler.
A kiss, sacrifice, and tell book.
- All right, anybody want any action on Margo?
The point spread is three against Dr. Kurtz.
Huh? Anybody in on this?
- Shh.
- Chicks.
- It's true.
I was planning a book.
But it was going to be a scholarly work.
- Oh hardly, Kurtz.
You've spent too much time in the jungle.
You've become a primitive yourself.
I read your notes.
Your field methodology is sloppy.
Your conclusion's shaky.
Even with sheer hype you couldn't get away
with the generalizations you make in your outline.
You're no better than the chauvinists who sent us here.
You'd exploit the Piranha Women
for your own aggrandizement.
- You don't understand, I had...
(dramatic music)
- Francine, the pool, watch out.
- Stay back!
You don't understand.
I had to do it.
I'd been on the talk show circuit for six months.
The token feminist.
The butt of every bra -burning joke.
You don't know what it's like trying to face
David Letterman with a book on male insensitivity.
I needed something more.
I thought.
Piranha Women.
Cannibalism.
Who could laugh at me then?
- Oh  Francine- - Stay back!
You're right.
I was exploiting the Piranha Women.
You don't know what it was like.
David Letterman.
God!
The horror.
The horror of that show.
- Francine!
- You're very wise, Dr. Hunt.
Now all the women of the jungle shall be united.
- Well now that you are united you may want to reconsider
your relationships with the men in your tribe.
There are other ways of relating
to them besides as foodstuffs.
- [Barracuda Leader] We shall consider what you have said
and discuss it at our biweekly committee meetings.
Farewell.
May you make it safely home.
- Bye bye!
- Yeah, keep in touch.
Okay, here you go.
- Where's my gun?
- Oh, the gun.
Hey, let me carry the gun.
Just to the edge of the jungle.
Come on, I mean you drove and everything.
Let me carry the gun.
You know, all the Piranha chicks are watching.
I should carry the gun.
Thanks.
Hey, it's not loaded is it?
(gunshot)
- After the medical check -up with the Valium prescriptions
there'll be tea with Nancy Reagan.
Day two we will start out with a seminar
by Fawn Hall on office relations.
Then.
Then comes the political orientation.
- Yeah, and we got Phyllis Schlafly on standby.
- Hopefully it won't be long before
Miss Hunt rounds these girls up.
- Ford, I gotta hand it to you.
Using a feminist to dupe a bunch of feminists.
- Well women aren't that smart.
Women.
- Hey, how's your wife?
- It's over.
- Oh.
- Dr. Hunt!
How long have you been standing there?
You didn't hear-
- Anything I didn't already know.
Francine told me all about your dirty little plan.
- Kurtz?
Then you found her?
David Letterman keeps calling,
but we don't know what to tell him.
- I'm afraid Dr. Kurtz won't be doing any more talk shows.
She's dead.
- Dead?
How?
- She died trying to protect the cultural
heritage of a primitive society.
- Not so fast, Professor.
We're not finished with you yet.
Your university-
- Nothing's going to happen to my university.
Except that the Defense Department will provide
a generous grant to feminist studies for research
on expanding women's opportunities in the military.
- You are mad!
- Otherwise, I go on The David Letterman Show myself
and tell him about the Marines, and the millions
of dollars of equipment lost in the Avocado Jungle.
Not to mention the diversion of funds to pay
for Malibu condos and subscriptions to Cosmopolitan.
I can just imagine the sarcastic look
on David's face when he-
- You wouldn't.
- Don't tempt me.
- Women.
(orchestra music)
(knocking)
- Dr. Hunt, I've gotta talk to you.
- Bunny, what's going on?
- I'm getting married to Jim in 10 minutes,
but I don't know, do you think I'm doing the right thing?
- Well - I mean which would be better?
Getting married, being a housewife, and having
a bunch of kids and watching Jim get old and fat, or...
Or finish school and become the first woman president?
- Well Bunny, that's a strictly personal decision.
- Well I'd rather just be a housewife,
but I just don't want to disappoint you
after all you've taught me about...
- Bunny, Bunny, you don't have
to live your life to please me.
The important thing is that you're happy.
And as for what I've taught you, well...
Listen, I've always believed that every
woman should get as much education
and intellectual stimulation as possible.
And that she should develop her
mental abilities to their utmost potential.
But in your case, well, there's just no point.
- Really? Then I should marry him.
- If that's what you want, yes.
- I take it we have your blessing?
- Don't push it.
- Thank you.
- Then I will marry Jim.
But I just feel so sorry for you.
I'm gonna be leaving you here all alone
and you're gonna be losing one of your best students.
- Oh who?
- Me!
- Oh!
Well don't worry, Bunny.
There'll be other students.
- Well this is it, Miss Hunt.
Bye!
I'll call you.
Collect.
Jim.
Goodbye! Thanks for everything!
- Bye.
(playful melody)
- Oh Jean -Pierre!
Good to see you.
Did you get all the classes you wanted?
- Yes, I got all the courses you told me to take.
Introduction to Feminism,
Understanding Human Relationships, and The Sensitive Male.
I want to thank you so much for helping me, Dr. Hunt.
- Oh my pleasure.
Call me Margo.
(orchestra music)